The final version of this project is inputs_FINALv3. The inputs patch uses percussive elements, i.e. the inputs, and sends them to the groove1 patch, which does electronic manipulation. The processing patch does FM and AM modulation from the outputs of the groove1 patch and outputs it to the dac inside the inputs patch. The dac inside inputs also takes outputs from groove and direct outputs from the recordings. Router takes all the signals and sends them randomly to a 4 channel output. The other programs are either sound files, presets used in my midterm,  or js programs. GoodUrn.js is an improved urn. Repeat.js was used to toggle the metro in groove patch.The controller.js does the selecting of effects inside the groove patch. 

The original purpose of this project was to create a live performance piece that selectively took input from performers, recorded it into buffers, and manipulated the sounds of those buffers based off other inputs. However, the live performance aspect went a different direction and is now a LOUI piece. As for the EMS project, I instead created a percussive piece. The transition went well, as the selective opening of buffers acted as cues to play percussive sounds. By managing the density of buffers opening, and the speed at which cues played, I made a quasi self playing drum machine that operated at its own tempo and density. 
The intended effect, after transitioning the piece, was to create an interesting texture based only off a changing pattern of beats and the electronic manipulation of them. This included changing the speed of the buffers, as well as choosing various snippets of them, to create granular synthesis. This created a piece that sounded like a combination of percussion and synthesis, while only using percussive samples. I further wanted to reinforce the dynamic rhythmic aspect of the piece by using short buffers, thus creating beats within the electronic manipulation itself as the buffers repeated themselves. This effect does not happen often, as the playing of a note changes the presets, and thus the repetitive rhythm of a buffer, but when it does happen, the repeated buffer creates a stable rhythm element in the mix. I did not want much repetition in this piece, as I believed that would make it too predictable, so I changed the effects manipulating a buffer, each time the percussive recording going into the buffer played. This helped create the glitchy effect of the electronic sounds. The glitchy effect came from many factors, such as the constant changing of effects, and the types of effects manipulated: speed, buffer position, filters, volume, overdrive. I think this glitchiness complemented the percussive sounds nicely, as the constantly changing rhythm created an instability that blended well with the chaotic electronic sounds. And when the tempo sped up to a very fast pace, it became glitchy as well, and I enjoyed changing the functions to experiment with different timberal contrasts between the analog and the electronic elements.